And so forth.
Add another bag to him.
Boss, two bags are already enough.
Daming hurt his lumbar spine with contempt from Takahashi Taro before
Can't carry too much hum
It is because he lost to the Japanese pirates
They humiliated us.
add
Come and click
Daming, Daming, don't help him
Go to work
Bah
I lost to Xiaotian when I couldn't afford the top spot
Lost the face of our ancestors
The wife was also robbed by Xiaodi
Can't even carry a few bags of feed now?
Hmph, don't tell anyone when you go out in the future
You are my stinky brother
Can you still move
Move as soon as you can
Can't move back to your poor dog
I don't raise idlers
Big brother and sister-in-law
I can do it. My daughter has been training a lot recently.
I'm going to buy some nutritional supplements for her.
Dad, I can go to the Olympic Games, Dad
Principal Zhang
Got me a place in the Olympic qualifiers
But you have to go to the temperature stadium to play at your own expense
But I am confident
As long as I can compete
I will definitely make it to the finals
Maybe come back with an Olympic champion
Ok my good daughter
You finally have something
That's right.
How much is your fare?
Dad will give you
About 5,000.
But I've saved up 2,000 scholarships
3,000 more
OK
Not enough?